Updated Razor Tooling bug report to not always require activity log (#24027)
dotnet/aspnetcore: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/razor_tooling.md

<!-- NOTE: This issue template is meant specifically to be used for issues with the new experimental Razor tooling experience provided in Visual Studio's Preview Feature pane -->

### Describe the bug

> [[A clear and concise description of what the bug is.]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[A clear and concise description of what the bug is. (Screenshots if applicable)]]
```

### Logs & Exceptions

[[Please collect the data below before reporting your issue to aid us in diagnosing the root cause.]]

#### Activity log

> If your Visual Studio instance has presented you with a [yellow or red bar](https://i.imgur.com/Rf6DBPq.png) or an error dialog pop-up about something unexpected happening please attach the mentioned Activity log. If you are unsure on where to locate the activity log [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/extensibility/how-to-use-the-activity-log?view=vs-2019#to-examine-the-activity-log) are the instructions on how to generate/acquire one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your Visual Studio instance has presented you with a [yellow or red bar](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14852843/87709444-1c5b8c80-c759-11ea-9536-2af5e060bda4.png) or an error dialog pop-up about something unexpected happening please attach the mentioned Activity log. If you are unsure on where to locate the activity log [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/extensibility/how-to-use-the-activity-log?view=vs-2019#to-examine-the-activity-log) are the instructions on how to generate/acquire one.
```
